Add License Types & Providers (#416)
citizenfx/fivem-docs: content/docs/scripting-reference/runtimes/lua/functions/GetPlayerIdentifiers.md

### Required arguments
- **player**: The ID of the player to get the identifiers from.

License Types
--------

|Type ID|Provider|Type|Data Type|
|-|-|-|-|
|`steam`|Steam|[Steam ID](https://partner.steamgames.com/doc/webapi/isteamuserauth)|hex|
|`discord`|Discord|[User Id](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/oauth2#get-current-authorization-information-example-authorization-information)|int|
|`xbl`|Xbox Live||int|
|`live`|Microsoft PUID|Passport Unique Identifier|int|
|`license`|Rockstar Online Services|Hash|hex|
|`license2`|Rockstar Online Services|Hash|hex|
|`fivem`|CFX.re|User Id|int|

> |`ip`|IP Adress|IPv4|string|

Reviewer: This will not work correctly. It's because you did `|Value|` instead of `| Value |` so it won't parse correctly. :)

In Markdown, the standard format for a table header is with spaces surrounding the text to separate the pipes

\* `licence2` - This identifier is present if the user has switched Social Club accounts

** `license2` - This can be the same value as `license`

Examples
--------

> Check for commonly used identifiers with this method;  works well when triggered by the `playerConnecting` event.

Reviewer: This can be removed in my opinion.

> | `fivem`    | CFX.re                   | User Id                                                                   | int       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `fivem`    | Cfx.re                   | User Id                                                                   | int       |
```

> \* `licence2` - This identifier is present if the user has switched Social Club accounts
> 
> ** `license2` - This can be the same value as `license`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `license2` - This identifier is the ROS license for people who use steam, this identifier can be the same value as `license`
```
